13-3

Update the program from 13-2a (13-2b can also be used) with the character streams for the employee name and number from the keyboard to an output file.  Now use binary streams of strings and integers, so the entire string or integer can be read and written at once.  Then add another loop to read binary streams of strings and integers, since data written as a block usually has to be read as a block (ex. an integer written as a four byte block, one character byte would not be readable as a character so it must be read as a four byte block to be readable). Let the user input the names and numbers in a loop until a sentinel <kbd>Ctrol</kbd>+<kbd>z</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>d</kbd>.  These will be written to a file in that same loop with the UTF and Int write.  Then in another loop, read from the file with UTF and Int read until the -1 eof, and then output the names and numbers to the screen.  Here is the beginning, add the two try blocks with the loops containing the UTF and Int write and read.

Hint:  Chapter 13 notes has an example of Binary Streams.  That was in a GUI, but it shows setting up the `DataOutputStream` and `DataInputStream` objects and the write and read of UTF and int.  This one will have two loops, one loop as the user inputs names (and then numbers) until they are done and use <kbd>Ctrol</kbd>+<kbd>z</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrol</kbd>+<kbd>d</kbd> for a null value in name and the loop condition can be while the name String object is not the null.  You can catch the `NullPointerException` or `NoSuchElementException` but the block can be empty and continue the program. The second loop as you read the UTF name (and number) and the name is the eof marker -1 end of file, so the while test can be while the name String object is not the -1.

So the first part is inputting from the keyboard and writing binary stream to the output file.  Since this file was written with binary streams and is not totally readable, the second part is reading input from the output file in the first part and outputting to the screen in a totally readable form.